.\" Copyright (C) 2004 International Business Machines Corporation
.\" Written by Kathy Robertson based on the Trusted Computing Group Software Stack Specification Version 1.1 Golden
.\"
.de Sh \" Subsection
.br
.if t .Sp
.ne 5
.PP
\fB\\$1\fR
.PP
..
.de Sp \" Vertical space (when we can't use .PP)
.if t .sp .5v
.if n .sp
..
.de Ip \" List item
.br
.ie \\n(.$>=3 .ne \\$3
.el .ne 3
.IP "\\$1" \\$2
..
.TH "Tspi_Context_CreateObject" 3 "2004-05-26" "TSS 1.1" "TCG Software Stack Developer's Reference"
.SH NAME
Tspi_Context_CreateObject \- create an empty object and return a handle to that object.
.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.ad l
.hy 0
.B #include <tss/tss.h>
.sp
.BI "TSS_RESULT Tspi_Context_CreateObject(TSS_HCONTEXT " hContext ", TSS_FLAG " objectType ", TSS_FLAG " initFlags ", TSS_HOBJECT* " phObject ");"
.sp
.ad
.hy
.SH "DESCRIPTION"
.PP
\fBTSS_Context_CreateObject\fR creates and initializes an empty object of the specified type and returns a handle addressing that object. The object is bound to an already opened context \fIhContext\fR.
.SH "PARAMETERS"
.PP
.SS hContext
The handle of the context object.
.PP
.SS objectType
Flag indicating the object type to create.
.PP
.SS initFlags
Flag indicating the default attributes of the object.
.PP
.SS phObject
The handle of the object to be created.

.SH "RETURN CODES"
.PP
\fBTspi_Context_CreateObject\fR returns TSS_SUCCESS on success, otherwise one of the following values are returned:
.TP
.SM TSS_E_INVALID_HANDLE - Either \fIhContext\fR or \fIphObject\fR is an invalid handle. 
.TP
.SM TSS_E_INTERNAL_ERROR - The command failed the test. 

.SH "CONFORMING TO"

.PP
\fBTspi_Context_CreateObject\fR conforms to the Trusted Computing Group Software Specification version 1.1 Golden
.SH "SEE ALSO"

.PP
\fBTspi_Context_CloseObject\fR(3).
