.\" Copyright (C) 2004 International Business Machines Corporation
.\" Written by Kathy Robertson based on the Trusted Computing Group Software Stack Specification Version 1.1 Golden
.\"
.de Sh \" Subsection
.br
.if t .Sp
.ne 5
.PP
\fB\\$1\fR
.PP
..
.de Sp \" Vertical space (when we can't use .PP)
.if t .sp .5v
.if n .sp
..
.de Ip \" List item
.br
.ie \\n(.$>=3 .ne \\$3
.el .ne 3
.IP "\\$1" \\$2
..
.TH "Tspi_TPM_GetEvents" 3 "2004-05-26" "TSS 1.1" "TCG Software Stack Developer's Reference"
.SH Tspi_TPM_GetEvents
Tspi_TPM_GetEvents\- get a specific number of PCR events for a given index.
.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.ad l
.hy 0
.B #include <tss/spi_types.h>
.sp
.BI "TSS_RESULT Tspi_TPM_GetEvents(TSS_HTPM " hTPM ", UINT32 " ulPcrIndex ", UINT32 " ulStartNumber ", UINT32 " ulEventNumber ", UINT32* " pulEventNumber ", TSS_PCR_EVENT* " prgPcrEvents ")
.sp
.ad
.hy

.SH "DESCRIPTION"
.PP
\fBTspi_TPM_GetEvents\fR provides a specific number of PCR events for a given index. This command only retuns one event at a time.
.SH "PARAMETERS"
.PP
.SS hTPM
Handle of the TPM object.
.PP 
.SS ulPcrIndex
Index of the PCR to request.
.PP
.SS ulStartNumber
Indext of the first event to request
.PP
.SS ulEventNumber
[IN] Number of elements to request.
[OUT] Receives number of returned event data structures in prgPcrEvents parameter.
.PP
.SS prgPcrEvents
Receives a pointer to an array of PCR event data.
If NULL, only the numberof elements is returned in pulEventNumber parameter.
.SH "RETURN CODES"
.PP
\fBTspi_TPM_GetEvents\fR returns TSS_SUCCESS on success, otherwise one of the following values are returned:
.TP
.SM TSS_E_INVALID_HANDLE
Can't find the TPM.
.TP
.SM TSS_E_INTERNAL_ERROR
The command failed.

.SH "CONFORMING TO"

.PP
\fBTspi_TPM_GetEvents\fR conforms to the Trusted Computing Group Software Specification version 1.1 Golden
.SH "SEE ALSO"

.PP
\fBTspi_TPM_GetEvent\fR(3) \fBTspi_TPM_GetEventLog\fR(3).



